feat: added some sections (#1)
Vid201/replicant-network-docs: about/team.mdx

title: 'Team'
description: 'Meet the minds and builders behind Replicant Network'
icon: 'people-group'
---

# Team

### **Vid Keršič** - CEO  

> Web3 & AI expert with 6+ years of experience, Ethereum Protocol Fellow, and PhD student specializing in decentralized identity and AI.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Web3 & AI expert with 6+ years of experience, Ethereum Protocol Fellow, and PhD student specializing in blockchain infrastructure and decentralized AI.  
```
